Add ETS-backed storage backend (#29)
nootr/glimit: README.md

* ✨ Simple and easy to use.
* 📏 Rate limits based on any key (e.g. IP address, or user ID).
* 🪣 Uses a Token Bucket algorithm to rate limit requests.

> * ⚡ ETS-backed by default for low-latency, lock-free rate limiting.

Reviewer: I know that some people use this package mainly because it doesn't need a separate backend service like Redis. Could we keep it being mentioned? Also, I'm wondering if "lock-free" is something people look for in a package like this. Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
* ⚡ ETS-backed by default for low-latency rate limiting; no separate back-end service needed.
```

## Pluggable Store Backend

> By default, rate limit state is stored in ETS (Erlang Term Storage) using lock-free atomic operations. For distributed rate limiting across multiple nodes, you can provide a custom `Store` that persists bucket state in an external service like Redis or Postgres.

Reviewer: The same as what I said earlier: "lock-free atomic operations" might be a bit misleading as the code does have a race condition.

```suggestion
By default, rate limit state is stored in ETS (Erlang Term Storage). For distributed rate limiting across multiple nodes, you can provide a custom `Store` that persists bucket state in an external service like Redis or Postgres.
```
